A linker implemented in C.

# NOTE
- Run `gcc -v` to see the detailed command called by the driver in each stage (preprocess/compile/assemble/linking)
- ld '-lLIBNAME' search for libLIBNAME.so before libLIBNAME.a . Incorrectly using libLIBNAME.a if libLIBNAME.so exists may cause a segfault.
- `ld --verbose` will show the default linker script; `ld -melf_i386 --verbase` to show the linker script for 32bit linking.
- `__libc_start_main` caled by `_start` will call main. It's defined in libc. But `readelf -s libc.so | grep __libc_start_main` may shows up nothing since the symbol name with version string is too long and get truncated. Add `-W` option to readelf solve the problem.
  - It's weird that `nm libc.so` reports no symbols: "nm: /lib/i386-linux-gnu/libc.so.6: no symbols" , but 'readelf -s' works.
- A segfault executable will have 139 (128 + SIGSEGV which is 11) as the exit code. But an executable calling exit(139) will not be recognized by make or gdb as segfault. Not sure the mechanism of segfault detection yet.

- printf.o in slibc:
  - the switch statement is implemented with a jump table in .rodata section.
    Every entry of the jump table need to be relocated by .text section.
    The number of entries of the jump table is calculated by the literal values
    of all the cases in the switch statement.

- I've tried 3 ways to flatten static glibc for linking
  - fully flatten. It works, but some .o are not actually needed
  - automatic flatten to a minimal list. Have a program figuring out the minimal set of .o needed for linking. Pretty cool.
  - manually find the minimal list of .o files needed for linking. I havn't really finished this since the list of .o files needed are much large than expected. Doing it manually takes time and does not worth it. I manually added around 100 .o files from libc.a that's absolutely needed. But the minimal list of .o needed for libc.a contains 378 .o files.

# Reference
- [collect2](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gccint/Collect2.html): collect2 is a wrapper to ld.
- [GCC Driver](http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~reeves.92/CSE2421au12/SlidesDay51.pdf): gcc is a driver to call preprocessor, compiler, assembler, and linker when needed.
- [ld document](https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs-2.39/ld.html)
- [crt0 - wikipedia][https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crt0]
- [Createing a C Library - osdev](https://wiki.osdev.org/Creating_a_C_Library): referred from crt0 wikipedia page. Talks about crt0, crti, crtn, crtbegin, crtend.
- [ar doc](https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs-2.39/binutils.htm): the doc is very simply and basically only goes thru the command line options.
- [ar - wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ar_(Unix)): explains the format of an ar file.
- [Working with submodules](https://github.blog/2016-02-01-working-with-submodules/)
  - need call 'git submodule update --remote' to fetch new commits for submodule from server.

# Future work items
- make slk work with glibc
- support got/plt and dynamic linking
- low prio misc items
	- create an example .s/.o that uses libgcc
	- the 'a.out' generated by `make runld_glibc_auto_min_obj_list` contains 755KB. It's larger than expected. Is it a general problem that can be solved to save disk space?
